DOC-440 | Add interface examples for APIs and GUI (Concepts section) (#648)
arangodb/docs-hugo: site/content/3.12/concepts/data-structure/documents/_index.md

```

See [`DocumentCollection.save()`](https://arangodb.github.io/arangojs/latest/interfaces/collection.DocumentCollection.html#save)
and [`DocumentCollection.saveAll()`](https://arangodb.github.io/arangojs/latest/interfaces/collection.DocumentCollection.html#saveAll)
in the _arangojs_ documentation for details.
{{< /tab >}}

{{< tab "Go" >}}
```go
ctx := context.Background()
coll, err := db.GetCollection(ctx, "coll")

// Single document
coll.CreateDocument(map[string]interface{} {
  "_key": "the-document-key",
  "name": "ArangoDB",
  "tags": []interface{} { "graph", "database", "NoSQL" },
  "scalable": true,
  "company": map[string]interface{} {
    "name": "ArangoDB Inc.",
    "founded": 2015,
  },
})

// Multiple documents
coll.CreateDocuments([]interface{} {
  map[string]interface{} { "_key": "one" },
  map[string]interface{} { "_key": "two" },
  map[string]interface{} { "_key": "three" },
})
```

See [`CollectionDocumentCreate.CreateCollection()`](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/arangodb/go-driver/v2/arangodb#CollectionDocumentCreate)
in the _go-driver_ v2 documentation for details.
{{< /tab >}}

{{< tab "Java" >}}
```java

> CollectionEntity coll = db.collection("coll");
> 
> // Single document
> coll.insertDocument(new BaseDocument("the-document-key")
>   .addAttribute("name", "ArangoDB")
>   .addAttribute("tags", [ "graph", "database", "NoSQL" ])
>   .addAttribute("scalable", true)
>   .addAttribute("company", new Map<String, Object>()
>     .put("name", "ArangoDB Inc.")
>     .put("founded", 2015)
>   )
>   .addAttribute("name", "ArangoDB")
> );
> 
> // Multiple documents
> coll.insertDocuments([
>   new BaseDocument("one"),
>   new BaseDocument("two"),
>   new BaseDocument("three")
> ]);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ArangoCollection coll = db.collection("coll");

// Single document
BaseDocument doc = new BaseDocument("the-document-key");
doc.addAttribute("name", "ArangoDB");
doc.addAttribute("tags", List.of("graph", "database", "NoSQL"));
doc.addAttribute("scalable", true);
doc.addAttribute("company", Map.of(
        "name", "ArangoDB Inc.",
        "founded", 2015
));
doc.addAttribute("name", "ArangoDB");
coll.insertDocument(doc);

// Multiple documents
coll.insertDocuments(List.of(
        new BaseDocument("one"),
        new BaseDocument("two"),
        new BaseDocument("three")
));
```

```

See [`ArangoCollection.insertDocument()`](https://www.javadoc.io/doc/com.arangodb/arangodb-java-driver/latest/com/arangodb/ArangoCollection.html#insertDocument%28java.lang.Object%29)
and [`ArangoCollection.insertDocuments()`](https://www.javadoc.io/doc/com.arangodb/arangodb-java-driver/latest/com/arangodb/ArangoCollection.html#insertDocuments%28java.lang.Iterable%29)
in the _arangodb-java-driver_ documentation for details.
{{< /tab >}}

{{< tab "Python" >}}
```py

> coll = db.get_collection("coll")

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
coll = db.collection("coll")
```

and [`DocumentCollection.documents()`](https://arangodb.github.io/arangojs/latest/interfaces/collection.DocumentCollection.html#documents)
in the _arangojs_ documentation for details.
{{< /tab >}}

{{< tab "Go" >}}
```go
ctx := context.Background()
coll, err := db.GetCollection(ctx, "coll", nil)

// Single document
var doc map[string]interface{}{}
meta, err := coll.ReadDocument(ctx, "the-document-key", &doc)

// Multiple documents
result, err := coll.ReadDocuments(ctx, []string{ "one", "two", "three" })
for {
    meta, err := result.Read(&doc)
    if shared.IsNoMoreDocuments(err) {
        break
    }
}
```

See [`CollectionDocumentRead.ReadDocument()`](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/arangodb/go-driver/v2/arangodb#CollectionDocumentRead)
and [`CollectionDocumentRead.ReadDocuments()`](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/arangodb/go-driver/v2/arangodb#CollectionDocumentRead)
in the _go-driver_ v2 documentation for details.
{{< /tab >}}

{{< tab "Java" >}}
```java
ArangoCollection coll = db.collection("coll");

// Single document
BaseDocument doc = coll.getDocument("the-document-key", BaseDocument.class);

// Multiple documents

> for (doc : coll.getDocuments(["one", "two", "three"], BaseDocument.class)) {
>   // ...
> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MultiDocumentEntity<BaseDocument> docs = coll.getDocuments(List.of("one", "two", "three"), BaseDocument.class);
```

{{< /tab >}}

{{< tab "Go" >}}
```go
ctx := context.Background()
coll, err := db.GetCollection(ctx, "coll", nil)

// Single document
var doc map[string]interface{}{}
result, err := coll.UpdateDocumentWithOptions(ctx, "the-document-key", &arangodb.CollectionDocumentUpdateOptions{
  NewObject: &doc
})
fmt.Printf("New document: %+v\n", doc)

// Multiple documents
newDocs := []interface{} {
  map[string]interface{} { "_key": "one", "val": 1 },
  map[string]interface{} { "_key": "two", "val", 2 },
  map[string]interface{} { "_key": "three", "val", 3 },
}
result, err := coll.UpdateDocuments(ctx, newDocs)
for {
    meta, err := result.Read(&result)
    if shared.IsNoMoreDocuments(err) {
        break
    }
    fmt.Printf("Updated document metadata: %+v\n", meta)
}
```

See [`CollectionDocumentRead.UpdateDocumentWithOptions()`](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/arangodb/go-driver/v2/arangodb#CollectionDocumentUpdate)
and [`CollectionDocumentRead.UpdateDocuments()`](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/arangodb/go-driver/v2/arangodb#CollectionDocumentUpdate)
in the _go-driver_ v2 documentation for details.
{{< /tab >}}

{{< tab "Java" >}}
```java
ArangoCollection coll = db.collection("coll");

> // Single document
> DocumentUpdateEntity<BaseDocument> result = coll.updateDocument("the-document-key",
>   new BaseDocument("the-document-key")
>     .addAttribute("logo", "avocado"),
>   new DocumentUpdateOptions()
>     .returnNew(true),
>   BaseDocument.class);
> 
> // Multiple documents
> for (MultiDocumentEntity<DocumentUpdateEntity<Void>> result : coll.updateDocuments([
>   new BaseDocument("one").addAttribute("val", 1),
>   new BaseDocument("two").addAttribute("val", 2),
>   new BaseDocument("three").addAttribute("val", 3)
> ])) {
>   // ...
> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Single document
BaseDocument doc = new BaseDocument("the-document-key");
doc.addAttribute("logo", "avocado");
DocumentUpdateEntity<BaseDocument> result = coll.updateDocument(
        "the-document-key",
        doc,
        new DocumentUpdateOptions().returnNew(true),
        BaseDocument.class
);

// Multiple documents
BaseDocument doc1 = new BaseDocument("one");
doc1.addAttribute("val", 1);
BaseDocument doc2 = new BaseDocument("two");
doc2.addAttribute("val", 2);
BaseDocument doc3 = new BaseDocument("three");
doc3.addAttribute("val", 3);
MultiDocumentEntity<DocumentUpdateEntity<Void>> updatedDocs =
        coll.updateDocuments(List.of(doc1, doc2, doc3));
```

{{< /tab >}}

{{< tab "Go" >}}
```go
ctx := context.Background()
coll, err := db.GetCollection(ctx, "coll", nil)

// Single document
var doc map[string]interface{}{}
result, err := coll.ReplaceDocumentWithOptions(ctx, "the-document-key", &arangodb.CollectionDocumentUpdateOptions{
  NewObject: &doc
})
fmt.Printf("New document: %+v\n", doc)

// Multiple documents
newDocs := []interface{} {
  map[string]interface{} { "_key": "one", "val": 1 },
  map[string]interface{} { "_key": "two", "val", 2 },
  map[string]interface{} { "_key": "three", "val", 3 },
}
result, err := coll.UpdateDocuments(ctx, newDocs)
for {
    meta, err := result.Read(&result)
    if shared.IsNoMoreDocuments(err) {
        break
    }
    fmt.Printf("Replaced document metadata: %+v\n", meta)
}
```

See [`CollectionDocumentRead.ReplaceDocumentWithOptions()`](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/arangodb/go-driver/v2/arangodb#CollectionDocumentReplace)
and [`CollectionDocumentRead.ReplaceDocuments()`](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/arangodb/go-driver/v2/arangodb#CollectionDocumentReplace)
in the _go-driver_ v2 documentation for details.
{{< /tab >}}

{{< tab "Java" >}}
```java
ArangoCollection coll = db.collection("coll");

> // Single document
> DocumentUpdateEntity<BaseDocument> result = coll.replaceDocument("the-document-key",
>   new BaseDocument("the-document-key")
>     .addAttribute("logo", "avocado"),
>   new DocumentUpdateOptions()
>     .returnNew(true),
>   BaseDocument.class);
> 
> // Multiple documents
> for (MultiDocumentEntity<DocumentUpdateEntity<Void>> result : coll.replaceDocuments([
>   new BaseDocument("one").addAttribute("val", 1),
>   new BaseDocument("two").addAttribute("val", 2),
>   new BaseDocument("three").addAttribute("val", 3)
> ])) {
>   // ...
> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Single document
BaseDocument doc = new BaseDocument("the-document-key");
doc.addAttribute("logo", "avocado");
DocumentUpdateEntity<BaseDocument> result = coll.replaceDocument(
        "the-document-key",
        doc,
        new DocumentReplaceOptions().returnNew(true),
        BaseDocument.class
);

// Multiple documents
BaseDocument doc1 = new BaseDocument("one");
doc1.addAttribute("val", 1);
BaseDocument doc2 = new BaseDocument("two");
doc2.addAttribute("val", 2);
BaseDocument doc3 = new BaseDocument("three");
doc3.addAttribute("val", 3);
MultiDocumentEntity<DocumentUpdateEntity<Void>> replacedDocs =
        coll.replaceDocuments(List.of(doc1, doc2, doc3));
```

// Multiple documents
const results = await coll.removeAll(["one", "two", { _key: "three" } ]);
```

See [`DocumentCollection.remove()`](https://arangodb.github.io/arangojs/latest/interfaces/collection.DocumentCollection.html#remove)
and [`DocumentCollection.removeAll()`](https://arangodb.github.io/arangojs/latest/interfaces/collection.DocumentCollection.html#removeAll)
in the _arangojs_ documentation for details.
{{< /tab >}}

{{< tab "Go" >}}
```go
ctx := context.Background()
coll, err := db.GetCollection(ctx, "coll", nil)

// Single document
result, err := coll.DeleteDocument(ctx, "the-document-key")

// Multiple documents
result, err = coll.DeleteDocuments(ctx, []string{ "one", "two", "three" })
```

See the following functions 
in the [_go-driver_ v2 documentation](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/arangodb/go-driver/v2/arangodb#CollectionDocumentDelete)
for details:
- `CollectionDocumentRead.DeleteDocument()`
- `CollectionDocumentRead.DeleteDocumentsWithOptions()`
- `CollectionDocumentRead.DeleteDocument()`
- `CollectionDocumentRead.DeleteDocumentsWithOptions()`
{{< /tab >}}

{{< tab "Java" >}}
```java
ArangoCollection coll = db.collection("coll");

> // Single document
> DocumentDeleteEntity<Void> result = coll.deleteDocument("the-document-key");
> 
> // Multiple documents
> for (MultiDocumentEntity<DocumentDeleteEntity<Void>> result : coll.deleteDocuments(["one", "two", "three"])) {
>   // ...
> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Single document
DocumentDeleteEntity<Void> result = coll.deleteDocument("the-document-key");

// Multiple documents
MultiDocumentEntity<DocumentDeleteEntity<Void>> multipleResult = 
        coll.deleteDocuments(List.of("one", "two", "three"));
```
